Update etcd-druid documentation and enhance kind-up script to start a local kind registry container (#889)
gardener/etcd-druid: docs/deployment/getting-started-locally/manage-azurite-emulator.md

# Manage Azure Blob Storage Emulator

This document is a step-by-step guide on how to configure, deploy and cleanup [Azurite](https://github.com/Azure/Azurite#introduction), the `Azure Blob Storage` emulator, within a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster. This setup is ideal for local development and testing.

## 00-Prerequisites

Ensure that you have setup the development environment as per the [documentation](../prepare-dev-environment.md).

> **Note:** It is assumed that you have already created kind cluster and the `KUBECONFIG` is pointing to this Kubernetes cluster.

### Installing Azure CLI

To interact with `Azurite` you must also install the Azure CLI `(version >=2.55.0)`
On macOS run:

```bash
> brew install azure-cli
```

For other OS, please check the [Azure CLI installation documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli).

## 01-Deploy Azurite

```bash
> make deploy-azurite
```

The above make target will deploy `Azure` emulator in the target Kubernetes cluster.

## 02-Setup ABS Container

> We will be using the `azure-cli` to create a container. Export the connection string to enable `azure-cli` to connect to `Azurite` emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be using the `azure-cli` to create an [ABS container](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/storage/blobs). Export the connection string to enable `azure-cli` to connect to `Azurite` emulator.
```

Author: there is no need for this link as we are explicitly giving the azure-cli command to execute.
